show the top 5 services with the highest number of calls to cassandra cluster ABC_CLUST
What is the total latency in milliseconds for HTTP calls from the service named MyService to the host named myhost in the last hour?
 What is the sum of latency in the last 1 hour for database calls from the service named MyService to the host named myhost sorted by latency in descending order?
 Show me the average response time of HTTP requests to the APPXYZ application in the last 10 minutes, group result by call name, and order result by average response time in ascending order.
 show the average latency of all HTTP calls from service XYZ
 show the average latency of HTTP calls from service XYZ to service ABC, grouped by the call name
 What is the rate of calls in the last 5 minutes for HTTP calls from the service named MyService to the host named myhost grouped by destination host?
 show the average latency of HTTP calls to the service named 'my_service'
 show the average latency for all HTTP calls from service XYZ to service ABC
 show the number of calls and errors from service XYZ to service ABC, grouped by the destination server
 What is the number of calls in the last 2 hours for HTTP calls from the service named MyService to the host named myhost grouped by the call type and sorted by the number of calls in descending order?
 Show me the total number of calls, errors, and the response time for HTTP calls from the APPXYZ application in the last 2 hours, group result by call name, and order result by response time in ascending order.
 show the mean latency and number of calls from service XYZ to service ABC, grouped by the HTTP method
 What is the rate of errors per minute for database calls from the service named MyService to the host named myhost in the last hour?
 show the number of errors from service XYZ to service ABC, grouped by the HTTP method and ordered by errors
 What is the max latency in the last 1 hour for database calls to the host named myhost of the service named MyService?
 What are the  sum of errors for HTTP calls from the service named MyService to the service named MyOtherService in the last 5 minutes?
 What is the average latency in the last 1 hour for database calls to the host named myhost of the service named MyService, ordered by the latency in descending order?
 Show me the number of failed HTTP requests between applications appXYZ and appABC in the last hour, group result by error messages, and order result by number of errors in descending order.
 How many HTTP calls were made by the service named MyService to the host named myhost in the last 2 hours?
 What is the average response time of PCFindInventoryIVSyncService calls handled by apiserver service of oms-pcity-prod-1 application?
 Show top erroneous calls handled by 'Robot Shop - EP' application since yesterday
 Show performance overview of all http calls in the past 2 hours group by call name
 What is the average response time of promo HTTP calls handled by Kubernetes cluster demo-us-cluster?
 What is the average response time of readiness calls, handled by service app of application zone in last 1 day?
 Show count of erroneous HTTP calls by call.tag.Errorcode handled by AdService application.
 Show top erroneous calls handled by AdService service since last 10 minutes.
 Show performance overview of outbound http calls from kubernetes cluster kub8-names to AC-test1 application order by calls
