What is the sum of queue depth for all queues in the cluster with name ABC?
Show top 3 queues with highest queue depth for last 60 minutes group by queue name.
Show me the mean of queue depth for all the IBM MQ Queues where the queue name contains QL, grouped by the queue manager name.
What is the rate of messages in and messages out for queue XYZ running in IBM MQ for the last 1 hour?
what is the sum of messages sent and received by IBM MQ Queue Manager QQQ for the past 24 hours, grouped by queue name?
show me queueFullPercentage for queue with queue name XYZ?
show me percentage that the queue has reached its maximum depth for queue with queue name XYZ?
Show me the sum of messages received by MQ Queue with queue manager name matching XYZ and queue name matching ABC.
Show me open Input count of IBM MQ Queues with queue name=XYZ ordered  in DESC.
Show total sum of queueDepth and the average queueFullPercentage for all MQ queues in namespace XYZ group by queue name.
What is the count of pods for deployments labeled as environment=envABC in the namespace nameXYZ?
What is the required CPU of deployment ABC running in kubernetes namespace XYZ for the last 30 minutes?
Show me the available to desired replica ratio of kubernetes deployments with label component my-comp.
Show top 2 deployments with high required memory in namespace ABC group by deployment.
Show me the number of available and desired replicas for all deployment with label component=compXYZ.
Show top 3 deployments with high memory limits in namespace XYZ group by deployment in the last 1 hour.
what is the sum of aggregated cpu requests for kubernetes deployment APP-1 in namespace NAMESPACE-1 for last 2 hours?
What is the average available to desired replica ratio for the deployment label service XYZ that runs inside kubernetes namespace ABC over the last 24 hours?
Show me the average of desired replicas for all deployments with the label "app" set to "my-app".
Show me the availableToDesiredReplicaRatio of kubernetesDeployment with deployment name=mydeployment and order by availableToDesiredReplicaRatio in descending order.
What is the average memory limit for pods in the namespace ABC?
What is the maximum memory limit for all pods with label name=serviceXYZ in kubernetes namespace ABC sorted by memory limit in descending order?
Show top 5 pods with high cpu requests for container in  namespace nameABC group by pod in the last 2 hours.
Show me the number of restarts of pods with label name XYZ in kubernetes namespace ABC.
What is the average amount of memory requested by Kubernetes Pods with label name=ABC during the past hour?
show me the number of containers for pods with label node_name XYZ, group by the pod name.
In the last 60 minutes, how many times did the kubernetes pod with the label matching app=ABC restart?
What is the average cpu requests of the pods with label app=appABC group by the node they are running on?
List cpu requests grouped by kubernetesPods with label app=myApp, order by cpuRequests in descending order, aggregating metrics by cpuRequests by sum.
Show me the cpuRequests for all kubernetes pods with the label "app" set to "appABC" for the last hour, grouped by pod name in ascending order.
How many queries were executed on the db2 database named ABC?
Show total number of failed queries to db2 database with host name ABC.
Show top 3 databases with high number of queries in namespace XYZ.
What is the average lock wait time for db2 database with name DB1 in the last hour?
What is the sum of total request time for all workloads in the db2 database named my-db?
What is the maximum number of connections to db2 name=mydb?
What is the total wait time by the db2Database with name=mydb, order by totalWaitTime in descending order, and group by host name on the last 1 hour?
Show me the average number of rows returned by each database in the last hour.
Show top 5 databases with highest number of queries in the last 24 hours
How many rollbacks occurred in the database name XYZ in the last hour?
Show me the number of runnable threads of JVM running inside appserver container of kubernetes deployment label component my-comp and kubernetes namespace ABC, grouped by the name of kubernetes pod.
Show me the total number of threads in a blocked state for the last 1 hour.
What is the average percentage of used memory of the Java application running on kubernetes namespace ABC over the last day.
How many runnable threads are there in the JVM instance running on the host named ABC?
what is the average memory usage of jvm running in cluster ABC for each deployment label zone?
what is the average memory.used for jvm in namespace ABC for last 1 hour, grouped by host name and sorted by memory.used in descending order?
What is the memory used by the JVM running on host ABC and having process ID 1234?
Show me the number of runnable threads and the number of waiting threads for all Java applications with tag kubernetes.namespace.name=XYZ value.
Get the total number of runnable threads, new threads, and threads in timed-waiting for all JVMs running on namespace XYZ.
Show memory free for jvm runtime platform with tag jvm.version=XYZ.

we want to know the memory used and no of blocked threads per metrics available for entity JVM runtime platform for last 1 hour in Instana. 

We want to see the complete infrastructure topology from Instana in order to know how all monitored entities are connected and  get a comprehensive view of infrastructure's relationships and dependencies . can you help us getting the details .

